Arda Wigs is sponsoring a cosplay contest at Anime Boston 2017 and the lucky winner will be going to Tokyo, Japan!

The contest winner will receive:
* Two (2) flight vouchers for travel from anywhere in the Continental United States to Tokyo, Japan valued up to one thousand and four hundred dollars ($1,400) per ticket; and
* Two (2) one week regular car JR rail passes.
* A Three Hundred dollar ($300) cash stipend from Anime Boston.

Contest signups are now live! Please visit our [Cosplay HQ](/cosplayhq/applications/4) to apply.

The contest winner will be announced at the 2017 Masquerade Contest!

## Contest Rules


Prizes Restrictions:
* Contestants may be individuals or pairs (no more than 2 per group). Pairs must share the prize.
* All travel must be booked through Arda Wig's designated travel agent.
* Travel must be booked no later than May 31, 2017 and must occur within three hundred and sixty-five (365) days of award date.
* Flights are subject to blackout dates and travel restrictions as may be imposed by travel agency or airline.
* Travel duration is limited to a maximum of ten (10) nights.
* Winner is responsible for any flight costs in excess of one thousand and four hundred dollars ($1,400.00) per ticket. Winner is not entitled to any payment or refund in connection with lesser valued tickets.
* Winner will be ineligible to receive prizes or place in any other cosplay contest during the Anime Boston 2017 but may still participate.
* Winner must submit a Form W9 to Arda Wigs and Anime Boston and will be issued a 1099 at the end of 2017 equivalent to the Contest Prizes value.
* Arda Wigs and Anime Boston are not providing lodging accommodations.

Eligibility Requirements:
* There is no purchase necessary to enter or win the Contest.
* Contestants must be at least eighteen (18) years of age to participate.
* Open to legal residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia.
* Contest is void where prohibited.
* Costumes that have won over one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) in total cash or cash equivalent prizes in other shows are ineligible. Contestants from such shows are eligible, but winning costumes are disqualified. Costumes that have won "title prizes" (best in show, best masters, etc.) may still compete so long as no cash prize or cash value prize in excess of one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) total was awarded.
* Submitted costumes must be based on Anime, Manga, Japanese-origin video games, or Japanese live action productions based on Anime or Manga (such as Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon, NANA or Cutey Honey.) If the series and/or character originated anywhere other than Japan, it doesn't qualify. For full examples please see the [Masquerade Rules](/cosplay/masquerade/#rules) Sections 3.a, 3.b, and 3.c.
* Judging will be based solely on costume craftsmanship. There will be no skit, performance, acting, or singing required.
* Submitted costumes must be entered by the Original Creator(s), with a maximum of two Original Creators. Costumes commissioned or paid for by contestant are ineligible. Costumes may have a commissioned item, or up to 20% of the costume may be commissioned items (boots, corset, necklace, etc.) and still be eligible to compete. By submitting a costume for consideration, contestant is representing that he/she/they created the submission.
* Entry may not contain, as determined by Arda Wigs, in its sole discretion, any content that is sexually explicit or suggestive; unnecessarily violent or derogatory of any ethnic, racial, gender, religious, professional or age group; profane or pornographic; contains nudity; promotes alcohol, illegal drugs, tobacco, firearms/weapons (or the use of any of the foregoing); promotes any activities that may appear unsafe or dangerous; promotes any particular political agenda or message that is obscene or offensive; endorses any form of hate or hate group; appears to duplicate any other submitted Entries; defames, misrepresents or contains disparaging remarks about other people or companies; contains trademarks, logos, or trade dress (such as distinctive packaging) owned by others, without permission; contains any personal identification, such as license plate numbers, personal names, e-mail addresses or street addresses; contains copyrighted materials owned by others (including photographs, sculptures, paintings, and other works of art or images published on or in websites, television, movies or other media), without permission; contains materials embodying the names, likenesses, voices, or other indicia identifying any person, including, without limitation, celebrities and/or other public or private figures, living or dead, without permission; communicates messages or images inconsistent with the positive images and/or goodwill to which Arda Wigs wishes to associate; and/or violates any law.
* By submitting an Entry, each Contestant grants, and represents and warrants that the Contestant has the rights and authority necessary to grant, Anime Boston and Arda Wigs an irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully sublicensable license and right to exploit, edit, modify, and distribute the Entry and all elements of such Entry, including, without limitation, the photo, video, and the likenesses of any locations and/or persons embodied therein, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, worldwide, in perpetuity without further compensation, permission or notification to Contestant or any third party. Anime Boston and Arda Wigs are not responsible for the unauthorized use of the Entry by any third-party. If the Entry contains any material or elements that are not owned by the Contestant, and/or which are subject to the rights of third parties, the Contestant is responsible for obtaining, prior to submission of the Entry, any and all releases and consents necessary to permit the use and exhibition of the Entry. Contestant shall indemnify Anime Boston and Arda Wigs in the event any legal action is taken against Anime Boston or Arda Wigs as a result of Contestant's entry. Contestant agrees to indemnify and hold Anime Boston and Arda Wigs harmless from and against any claims, damages, lawsuits, attorneys' fees and costs related to Contestant's submission of the Entry.
* Anime Boston and Arda Wigs reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to verify any element of any Entry or related materials and to disqualify any Contestant whose participation may subject the challenge, Anime Boston, Arda Wigs&reg;, or Arda Wigs&reg;'s advertisers, clients, or customers to controversy, negative publicity, scorn, or ridicule.
* All Prizes presented are at the judges' discretion. Arda Wigs shall have sole discretion to select the contest judges. In the event the winner cannot be reached or contacted, no award or compensation will be given and a new winner may be selected. Winners are excluded from placing or receiving prizes in any other Anime Boston 2017 cosplay contest. Winners may not substitute, assign or transfer prize or redeem prize for cash, but Arda Wigs reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to substitute a...(line truncated)...
* Current and former employees of Arda Wigs and current staff of Anime Boston are prohibited from participating in this contest.
* By submitting an Entry, Contestant agrees that Contestant's Entry conforms to these Terms and Conditions and that Anime Boston or Arda Wigs, in their sole discretion, may disqualify Contestant's Entry for any reason, including if it determines, in its sole discretion, that such Entry fails to conform to these Terms and Conditions in any way or otherwise contains unacceptable content.
* By participating in this Contest, Contestant agrees to RELEASE Anime Boston and Arda Wigs&reg;, and any other organizations affiliated with the sponsorship, fulfillment, administration, prize support, advertisement or promotion of the Contest and each of their respective parents, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, and prize suppliers, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, representatives and employees, as well as each of their respective successors, representatives and assigns (collectively, the "Released Parties") from any and all actions, claims, injury, loss or damage arising in any manner, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from participation in this Contest and/or acceptance, use or misuse or any product provided by Arda Wigs&reg;, and/or acceptance, use or misuse of any prize.
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE RELEASED PARTIES BE LIABLE (JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY) TO CONTESTANT FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTEST OR ANY MATERIALS USED BY CONTESTANT IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTEST, ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCT OR SERVICES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ALL MATERIALS INCORPORATED THEREIN AND ALL FEATURES AND FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SERVICE). If any authority holds any portion of this section to be unenforceable, then liability will be limited to the fullest possible extent permitted by law.
* Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to this Contest, Arda Wigs&reg;, or this Arbitration Agreement, shall be determined by binding arbitration or in small claims court in Cook County, Illinois. The arbitrator can award the same damages and relief that a court could award. Contestant agrees that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that Contestant is waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Contest.
* Except where prohibited by law, entry constitutes permission to use each Contestant's name, hometown (city and state), voice, biographical information, likeness, photograph and any statements regarding this Contest in all media now known or hereafter discovered, for any purpose, including without limitation, in connection with, and to promote, market or advertise the Contest, in whole or in part, without review, approval, credit or attribution, notification or payment from or to Contestant or any person or entity, worldwide, in perpetuity, or on a winner's list, if applicable. Contest is subject to all applicable U.S. federal, state, and local laws and regulations.

For more information, see the [Arda Wigs Contest section of the Cosplay FAQ](/cosplay/cosplay_faq/#43).