Anime Boston is a three-day convention held annually in Boston, Massachusetts, USA under the supervision of the New England Anime Society. Our focus is to celebrate and promote Japanese animation, comics, and pop-culture.

This event has been a cornerstone of the North East Anime Convention circuit since our inaugural event in April, 2003. Following unprecedented growth, we quickly outgrew the space in the Boston Park Plaza Hotel and moved to the Hynes Convention Center in 2005. The Hynes Convention Center and Sheraton Boston have allowed us to grow in ways we could not have imagined since the idea was first conceived.

While the main focus on Anime Boston has always been Japanese animation and comics, we have expanded to include other aspects of Japanese pop-culture: J-Pop, J-Rock, and live-action Japanese media. We have also delved into Japanese history and traditional culture, thus encouraging people to develop a more well-rounded perspective.

Over 350 staff members work to make this convention possible. On top of that, everyone is a volunteer; no one gets paid for what they do. We all participate because we are also fans (and might be a little crazy). We work year-round to prepare for each convention; in fact, planning for the next year begins before the previous one is even over!  Our staff is incredibly diverse and comes from all walks of life and experiences. The hard work and dedication of our staff members ensures that we put on the best show possible.

Of course, Anime Boston would not be the success it has become without the support of its members and fans. Starting with a staggering 4,000 members in 2003 (an incredible feat for a brand new convention), by 2012 we had expanded to welcome more than 22,000 people over the weekend. The majority of our panels are actually presented by members who just want to share their passions with the larger community. Having members organize some of the programming for Anime Boston gives everyone a sense of community and belonging at our event.

We, the staff of Anime Boston and the New England Anime Society, thank you for taking interest in our convention. Your excitement helps energize everyone and spreads the word to new people. We hope to see you there!